{% extends 'content.html' %}
{% block content %}
{% filter markdown %}
# Typical technical descriptions

## Bud Haggart video script

For a number of years now, work has been proceeding in order to bring perfection
to the crudely conceived idea of a transmission that would not only supply
inverse reactive current for use in unilateral phase detractors, but would also
be capable of automatically synchronizing cardinal grammeters. Such an
instrument is the turbo-encabulator. Now basically the only new principle
involved is that instead of power being generated by the relative motion of
conductors and fluxes, it's produced by the modial interaction of
magneto-reluctance and capacitive diractance.

The original machine had a base plate of pre-famulated amulite surmounted by a
malleable logarithmic casing in such a way that the two spurving bearings were
in a direct line with the panametric fam. The latter consisted simply of six
hydrocoptic marzlevanes, so fitted to the ambifacient lunar waneshaft that side
fumbling was effectively prevented.

The main winding was of the normal lotus-o-delta type placed in panendermic
semi-boloid slots of the stator, every seventh conductor being connected by a
non-reversible termie pipe to the differential girdle spring on the "up" end of
the grammies.

The turbo-encabulator has now reached a high level of development, and it's
being successfully used in the operation of novertrunnions. Moreover, whenever a
forescent skor motion is required, it may also be employed in conjunction with a
drawn reciprocation dingle arm, to reduce soinasoidal repleneration.

It's not cheap, but I'm sure the government will buy it. \[unfurls $750,000,000
price tag\]

## Time article

The following quote is from the Time article. General Electric, Chrysler and
Rockwell Automation use many of the same words. <span class="fn">a b Salwen, Bernard (15 April 1946). "For Nofer Trunnions". Time.</span>

Work has been proceeding in order to bring perfection to the crudely conceived
idea of a machine that would not only supply inverse reactive current for use in
unilateral phase detractors, but would also be capable of automatically
synchronizing cardinal grammeters. Such a machine is the "Turbo-Encabulator."
The original machine had a base-plate of prefabulated amulite, surmounted by a
malleable logarithmic casing in such a way that the two spurving bearings were
in a direct line with the pentametric fan. The main winding was of the normal
lotus-o-delta type placed in panendermic semi-boloid slots in the stator, every
seventh conductor being connected by a nonreversible trem'e pipe to the
differential girdlespring on the 'up' end of the grammeters.

Forty-one manestically spaced grouting brushes were arranged to feed into the
rotor slipstream a mixture of high S-value phenylhydrobenzamine and 5%
reminative tetryliodohexamine. Both of these liquids have specific pericosities
given by <math>P = 2.5C * n^{6.7}</math> where n is the diathetical evolute of
retrograde temperature phase disposition and C is Cholmondeley's annular
grillage coefficient. Initially, n was measured with the aid of a metapolar
refractive pilfrometer, but up to the present date nothing has been found to
equal the transcendental hopper dadoscope. Undoubtedly, the turbo-encabulator
has now reached a very high level of technical development. It has been
successfully used for operating nofer trunnions. In addition, whenever a
barescent skor motion is required, it may be employed in conjunction with a
drawn reciprocating dingle arm to reduce sinusoidal depleneration.

## Retroencabulator script

Here at Rockwell Automation's world headquarters, research has been proceeding
to develop a line of automation products that establishes new standards for
quality, technological leadership, and operating excellence. With customer
success as our primary focus, work has been proceeding on the crudely conceived
idea of an instrument that would not only provide inverse reactive current for
use in unilateral phase detractors, but would also be capable of automatically
synchronizing cardinal grammeters. Such an instrument comprised of Dodge gears
and bearings, Reliance Electric motors, Allen-Bradley controls, and all
monitored by Rockwell Software is Rockwell Automation's retro-encabulator.

Now basically the only new principle involved is that instead of power being
generated by the relative motion of conductors and fluxes, it's produced by the
modial interaction of magneto-reluctance and capacitive diractance. The original
machine had a base plate of pre-famulated amulite surmounted by a malleable
logarithmic casing in such a way that the two spurving bearings ran in a direct
line with the panametric fan.

The line-up consisted simply of six hydrocoptic marzel vanes so fitted to the
ambifacient lunar wane shaft that side-fumbling was effectively prevented. The
main winding was of the normal lotus-o-deltoid type placed in panendermic
semiboloid slots of the stator, every seventh conductor being connected by a
non-reversible tremie pipe to the differential girdle spring on the up-end of
the grammeters.

Moreover, whenever fluorescent score motion is required, it may also be employed
in conjunction with a drawn reciprocation dingle arm, to reduce sinusoidal
depleneration.

The retro-encabulator has now reached a high level of development, and it's
being successfully used in the operation of milfer trunnions. It's available
soon, wherever Rockwell Automation products are sold.

[Dodge video - 1997](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyRllRWfLJE) on YouTube

{% endfilter %}
{% endblock%}
